-----------------------
Finished
-----------------------
x. Configuration reverting: Tune it back in the optimization process
    Compare with non-reverting - measure the number of unique violations
    In order to get more unique violations (unique option-violation pairs)

x. Tuning ranges for options
    Gene representation
    Overall Identification

    Identify invalid configurations
    invalid ranges of options
    Invalid tuning that removes violation but introduces new violations--Masking violations

x.  Add a report about configuration options tuning
    Store the configuration files of final results and option tuning situation
    Why planning module fails, focus on options that lead to module failure
    Specify which options would result in/highly related to specific violations

x. Select ratio

x. e_number range

x. output range analysis at last

x. Extract adc_routing and obs from record messages
    publish obs through channel

x. check records under default configuration first
    rerun records instead of analyzing previous record
    to reduce non-determinism

x. Python Threading join()
    force the thread to end

x. Traffic Lights
    extraction from records
    enable according to scenario violation types

x. Violation Masking
    New tuning is masked by previous violation
    Fix: configuration reverting? or (option tuning, violation pair) or eliminate this individual after detecting
        Once we found optimal, eliminate?
    give weights to every option tuned. report possibility of each option to cause violations instead of focusing on single option?

    What should we do after detecting violations?
        Not selecting individuals that contain module failure violations

x. Refactoring project

x. if map exists, if not, generate and save

x. auto move scripts to apollo dir

x. Emerged violation results file
    output a csv file including features of violations
    stats about violation types, total num, unique nums
    add a report to build correlation between options and violation types

x. Not selecting individuals that contain module failure violations to avoid violation masking
