X. Static Analysis
x. Fail to detect collision (bicycle)
x. replay cannot reflect the configuration changes
x. Planning module failure not detecting
x. Add a report about configuration options tuning
x. Test scenoRITA results: replay records and run process again to see what's the difference
x. Store the configuration files of final results and option tuning situation

x. Why planning module fails, focus on options that lead to module failure
- Robust system should be able to work though the configuration input is invalid
- Maybe divide violation removed/emergence

x. Why scenoRITA works on large maps but DoppelTest not so good – say something in the proposal how to solve this issue
How much time it need to take for DoppelTest to get enough good scenarios
Test it for more hours

x. Conversion of maps of Apollo to LGSVL
   Use the common maps

1. Check and Finish the rest of violation types
2. Deep Reinforcement learning
3. T-way testing
4. Run AV Testing techniques (scenoRITA, DoppelTest, AV-Fuzzer, ADFuzz) (GA, DRL)

5. Partial path sensitive analysis or interval analysis
6. Code coverage (Branch coverage)
7. Finish fitness calculation function

8. The image of Dreamview is static after running many scenarios (Maybe bridge is disconnected?) (Restart the dreamview to fix this, maybe not the bridge issue)
9. Tuning ranges for options

10. How non-determinism is the code coverage when replaying the records?

---------------------
1. avoid generating the obstacles overlapped with the ego car
2. avoid generating the ego car above the stop sign line
3. replay record by obstacle detection & routing request


---------------------
No routing request but have routing response ()

-----
Violation specified option-analysis
    Get the feasible range for that option
    Specify which options would result in/highly related to specific violations
    In the process of violation emergence/removal, we still could try to remove new violations
    Calculate the total/accumulated violation removed for each individual
